A case analysis of a look having closes.
So like I said before having clauses acts like a where clause in a select statement book for grouped
by statements.
So arrived selected custom ID screening Id count ID from bookings and grouped by custom ID and screening
ID.
So if I run I see I have a custom ID screening ID and the count of the ID field.
But what if I only wanted to select data where custom ID was equal to 10.
Well normally I could come in here and I could add a WHERE clause saying where custom ID is equal to
10 but on getting an error and saying there's an error with my escarole syntax and that's because if
we're grouping by data then instead of using a WHERE clause we have to use a having clause.
So I have to come in here I have to remove where I have to type having instead so grouped by custom
ID screening ID having custom ID equal to 10 if I run.
You can see I now get some results and you can see customer ID 10 made a booking for screening ID six
thirty seven hundred twenty eight hundred thirty four hundred eighty seven then 205.
So remember when you are using group by clauses you dont use where clauses afterwards you use having
so having cause is pretty simple already and that's it for this video.